I'm Jackson Pearson it's teaching
Thursday and today I'm going to teach
you youtube how to juggle the only thing
you need to learn how to juggle is three
items preferably about the size of your
palm some people use scars to learn but
I think scars are for sissies so
something other than scarves lines Kiwis
very small chihuahuas I actually think
that balls though are the easiest those
are you making inappropriate jokes right
now about balls stop it I know what
you're doing because I do it too so
you're going to put two in one hand and
one on the other hand so what you're
going to do is you're going to take one
ball from this hand and you're going to
throw it and catch it with your other
hand that's all you're going to do cut
off as you do that you're going to take
the ball from this hand and throws the
other hand and you're going to do it one
right after another so throw throw catch
throw throw catch everybody coming with
me I never taught juggling before I'm
sure there are methodologies but I don't
know them I'm just making this up anyhow
so basically at all times you'll be
catching one ball throwing one ball and
one ball will be in the air throw throw
catch throw throw throw throw throw
catch catch catch pinch maybe I'm not
very good at teaching this other tips
and tricks is to always try to throw to
the same place otherwise you're going to
have to be like doing that in that
another everywhere there are certainly
better jugglers than me and they're
probably better tutorials but this is a
really handy party trick there are a lot
of handy things you can do with juggling
you can impress members of the opposite
sex or same sex what I browser or tambo
you can scare children by telling them
that you're secretly a carnie and I'm
going to steal it for your car near Ocho
so many possibilities with juggling but
they're supposedly a bunch of different
patterns you can learn that I don't know
the only trick that I've ever been able
to do which I'm totally going to show
off right now because it's what I do is
this one right here Tata anyway I would
really like to see videos of you guys
trying to learn to juggle based on my
probably not so hot to torial so if you
decide to give this a try then please
you know do a video response I would
really like to see it thanks for
watching and I will see you guys
tomorrow